Fix some `cssxref` macro flaws (#44081)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/at-rules/@media/grid/index.md

## Syntax

> The `grid` feature is specified as a [`<mq-boolean>`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Media_queries/Using) value (`0` or `1`) representing whether or not the output device is grid-based.

Reviewer: `<mq-boolean>` is a legacy spec thing that we shouldn't really be documenting. It used to have a page, which then got removed and redirected to /en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Media_queries/Using, looking at the redirects file. It isn't mentioned anywhere else on the site.

To that end, for this one, I would:

1. At the very least, remove the link, and just leave `<mq-boolean>`. It's not mentioned on the linked page, so the link will confuse people.
2. Consider rewriting this sentence to "The `grid` feature is specified as a value representing whether the output device is grid-based — `1` if it is, and `0` if not."

Author: @chrisdavidmills Makes sense. Like this?

```suggestion
The `grid` feature is specified as a value representing whether the output device is grid-based — `1` if it is, and `0 ` if not.
```
